to talk about this last week
week and will make the proper purposes of
thing that the Portuguese kids and shops
foreigners in Sinimbu this time of
steal these things that I did not know about
children because I have accumulated a
large amount of time in which new
videos so if anything does not
like me that was and still is
make an official video just for these
things
She does not want to talk is a Portuguese store.
on facebook and her shopping yes I know
It will not be easier for you.
understand who we can make the
eliana cleaning store was who I
I told her she was super friendly and she did not
like her okay but things forward and
attacked also has things for example if
you want a specific thing in the
Final car Our school is not a photo
that she can get a cup of tea and do
an order for you
therefore it is surface for those who do not
likes to shop in foreign stores
there are no ones who do not have continuity and
pay with the card only we know
the carioca of gender and then she is the
opportunity to choose music in the store
the other thing for the store that I'm going to leave
clear in low to shop facebook
she committed the breath had to leave the
piglet down always in the channel but it
when the things that the children of the store
I enjoyed it top that the beginning was a
thing that exists physically because
I have in white and the times bill clinton
between a company and it already the same as
super super spin looks great on body
which was even much higher than the route
of the piece and chickenpox also sent someone
on here
this is where I do not even give a
White kiss for dirty like that and I went
until the next
it's charging and basically I take in
together with him the child alone will
be the surfwear
I'm going to stick to the logo because of this.
I have this ball is boring disease down
or on my facebook page on
I have so much brand just because you do not
left very soon each comarca of the river
of makeup so there are always things and I
I left here in the name of hell's I'm leaving
for me in some lines 15 was really
this is not just a tension
police joke a person is only God I
I'll go sofia too along with purse.
so athletes and if it does not work in
and the plain wires two of them with
a range that a very happy war that
in all the lines in the color you see
on the muzzle and then when the sun and rain
corme is missing course that the movie to
You see through my nails now.
I'm using it, I'm here, so I'm like this.
Kiss only I was nervous the sun
came out super funny stimulate thomson
have taken to play but the
government is also here that this is my
Goal already used so I'm enjoying it
states and breeding of their land is
that one color a single color bronze
then it's now here that it's a
accused brown who is the
property also road excluded
here sings but the behavior is in a
tom darker she catches sun village one
col x are luiz cup which means for
me because I liked it - I do not know who
unless you expected to have one more for you
decide not to leave I'll see that today, only
loose since they were used ample majority
by me but I know my style
in super funny place in color and
teachers did not even see a bottle in it
that shines in the dark and I told you that
It's for you that are very strong things.
and our ongoing challenge is so strong in
silicon lines that are for you too
why are miguel azores provoked only and
suffer attacks if they are one
dirty path of political commitment
mall underneath is because I put my
ox my father thought that he unwittingly and
12 minutes left if dirty studio time
although maximum readiness were used
in your tank province
This is for your sockfoot since crime.
are some things some lonely people
because the foreign silas
the first is justin left if he came
here it is white and that in the end
we have lost for now this color
she is cool and he is allowed but he is
fully transparent does not want
everything indicates however who is
disgruntled I know my grandchildren I
really cool retreat i yes no o stop
Yes, it 's a glass of juice and there's a
vital flower and thigh so critical for
It's just fine and it's very , very well.
in the body five medals two things but
for one reason only mother it was a thing
from one email sent to another in the
because he did not have a face that
had in stock
the more dog ready me games
The second thing I did was a skirt.
beatings both manuel but stays
just and even if you do not comply
all those with the most formal and
goes still with a belt I feel here
Braga to you a plot in the area of
waist and also strip
not only will this always come out talking
that she is nothing I think she really is
fuller and think of the rent
stores
call of the sun between the pieces pronounce
the first she did not have so
also protocols is not much and I do not
I have any boat is black and so it is
a rainy county hit in beige tone
remembering that this symptom are older and
I think it looks great.
was that it has a lot of quality for looks
which is and finally one of the pieces a final
that such a contract with it is a
white shirt to beat corinthians
for example is much slower than this
here is a white shirt only the goal
did not leave my case tokyo but I did not
I know the material I've heard, someone does not fall.
there is cold in the video that material a
any shirt by any of those
voile curtains and ready now what
if you see is exactly what the person wants
say why the material is the shirt
also looks like a short native path I
I do not know that you have not lost yet
5 in a house in the same store that yes
while the boat began to turn more
a piece like the embargo and in the end what
who likes to dance under influence
also the child of the house can not
promising the sun can see the goalkeeper
that you also have to be careful about
because it is a shame because it is
much reason she is still very
against the Czech is not that the
spirit of I hope you have enjoyed it
I hope you enjoyed the idea is
to bring together not only the video I
I think making a fondness and so I
I'm going to have children because I
I know if things in all but but
when now a certain number of
things I do most master this plan
out of the first step in this
way
I think this also rose more than
is on the river but first of all
our action containing the number of
users in their comments affirming
that interact with you
need - I hope you have enjoyed the
video and even brasilia